DMT-339/dbt-athena-adapter-upgrade-guidance (#340)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/tools/create-a-derived-table/dbt-athena-upgrade-guidance.md

```
├── mojap_derived_tables
  ├── dev/
      ├── models/
      ├── run_artefacts/
      └── seeds/
          ├── domain_name=domain_one/
              ├── database_name=db_one_dev_dbt/
                  ├── table_name=tb_one
                  ...
              ...
          ...
  ├── prod/
      ├── models/
      ├── run_artefacts/
      └── seeds/
          ├── domain_name=domain_one/
              ├── database_name=db_one/
                  ├── table_name=tb_one
                  ...
              ...
          ...
```

The __new__ directory structure has a single `seeds` directory at the same level as the `prod` and `dev` directories. A `seed` created on a `dev` run will appear under its database name suffixed with `_dev_dbt`, as before, but the Hive path naming convention is not upheld. Instead we use the naming option `schema_table` profvided by `dbt-athena-community` which is simply `<database_name>/<table_name>`

```
├── mojap_derived_tables
  ├── dev/
  ├── prod/
  └── seeds/
      ├── database_one_dev_dbt/
          ├── table_one/
          ...
      ├── database_one/
          ├── table_one/
          ...
      ...
```

> The changes to the S3 location should not have any impact on users, unless they have specifically referenced a `seed` by its S3 location. References in `create-a-derived-table` using the `ref` function will be unaffected as this uses   Athena `<database_name.table_name>`pointers (which are unchanged) and not the S3 location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changes to the S3 location should not have any impact on users, unless they have specifically referenced a `seed` by its S3 location. References in `create-a-derived-table` using the `ref` function will be unaffected as this uses   Athena to reference the Glue Catalogue Registration, in the form `<database_name.table_name>`. The catalogue registrations will be updated with the new S3 locations automatically.
```
